[sighs]
Hey.
Hmm?
[YURIKO]
Are you a first-year?
Depends. Who's askin'?
This place isn't exactly
a parking lot.
Maybe leave your bike
somewhere else.
[KYOSUKE] Shouldn't she tell me
not to ride this to school?
What an odd upper classman.
Driving motorbikes to school
was against the rules.
But my buddy told me the area
behind the old club building
was a great place to hide one.
[MALE TEACHER] Leave something
behind the old club building?
[gasps]
If what I just said
rings a bell,
then please step forward.
[KYOSUKE] Turns out
the teachers found
that hiding spot
by the end of my last class.
Lucky for me,
I'd taken that girl's advice
and parked my bike
somewhere else.
Jerk! You stay away from me!
Yeah, I got it.
[growls]
[KYOSUKE]
I wasn't a delinquent,
and I definitely wasn't stupid.
But I was popular
with the girls,
and pressed my luck
a time or two.
[groans]
[KYOSUKE]
That one stung.
[YURIKO] The previous girl
was a little friendlier.
Anyway.
Since you're, uh, "free."
Could you lend a hand?
They aren't that heavy,
but it's a lot to carry.
Ah!
[KYOSUKE] So,
you're on the student council?
Kind of, yeah.
The stuff I do
is mostly grunt work, though.
It's too many boxes
for just one person.
No one even helps you out?
The rest of the council
is tied up with other things.
Oh, speaking of.
Sengoku!
Hmm? Koyanagi.
Took you long enough.
Do you realize
we're in a time crunch?
Any delays on your end
impede the entire council.
I'll try to be quicker.
Everything's here.
Good. Nice work.
You're free to go now.
You and your helper.
Hmm. Is there something else?
You made a girl lug
a ton of boxes here.
And "Nice work" is all you got?
Can't even spare a "Thank you",
Mister President?
Ah...
[TAKERU] What's your name?
And what class are you from?
The name's Kyosuke Hori.
Class one-nine.
I'm Takeru Sengoku,
of class three-one.
I advise you
to wear your uniform correctly.
Ah!
Oh, and...
Koyanagi. Thank you.
[gasps]
♪
Sorry for butting in like that.
Like what?
Calling out the Prez,
and making it awkward
for you to be involved
with the council now.
If it really does get awkward,
then I'll just quit.
[KYOSUKE]
Ah. She's all right.
You're, um, Koyanagi.
-Huh?
-Right?
[smiles]
[YURIKO]
Yuriko Koyanagi.
Should've introduced myself
sooner.
[smirks]
[KYOSUKE]
Yuriko.
Sounds nice. Yuriko Koyanagi.
I went to a dog cafe
the other day,
and there was a pup
that looked just like you!
[KYOSUKE] They say a person's
name captures who they are.
Hers definitely does.
'Cause she is truly
as beautiful
as a lily when she smiles.
After you graduate,
what's next for you?
Hmm. I haven't
made a decision yet.
-Have you, Hori?
-Me?
Um. No clue at all.
It's tough.
[chuckles]
Say, Koyanagi.
When you graduate.
And even after you graduate...
Nah. Forget it.
Oh.
[KYOSUKE] I was afraid
if I held on too tight,
I'd crush that flower.
[FEMALE STUDENT 212C]
Fess up. What's Kyosuke to you?
When I heard that he was
crazy about some third-year,
I figured you had to be
drop-dead-gorgeous,
but you're, like,
not even cute?
-'Kay.
-Ah.
Did a single thing I just said
get through to you?
Hurry up and graduate
so you can get your
frumpy ass away from him!
-Yuriko!
-Oh. Hi.
-Kyosuke?
-I'd be downright amazed
if she deserved this treatment,
so back off!
This is between us girls,
so you back off!
-Oh, you wish!
-That's enough, Kyosuke.
Uh.
A man should never raise
his hand against a woman. Ever!
Ah. Yeah, I know--
Oh.
[YURIKO] But, women
can smack each other.
If they ask for it.
[KYOSUKE]
She was as gentle as a flower.
Except this lily...
had a rose's thorns.
That's when I knew
I was gonna make
Yuriko my wife one day.
Cool story, man.
Listen, a slap from Kyoko's
a sign of love.
She gets it from her mom.
I'll keep that in mind.
[KYOSUKE]
So. Why'd she slap you?
[MIYAMURA]
Huh. Why did she slap me?
Ah. You forgot?
Happens to me, too.
Well, her wrath may come
from a place of affection,
but you should still proceed
with caution.
Right. Oh, my gosh!
Hmm? What is it?
You remember?
No,
but, for some strange reason,
my cheek just started hurting
a lot more!
I didn't realize
Yuriko passed on
the aftershock effect, too!
-[Miyamura groans] Ow.
-[KYOSUKE] Okay.
-Why does it hurt? Tell me.
-Just stay strong, son.
Why does it hurt?
[HORI]
Hey, Kyosuke?
Can I borrow
one of your shirts?
A T-shirt's fine.
What for?
You gotta clean up a mess?
Not today.
All the shirts I usually wear
after I take a bath
are in the laundry, so I need
a sub for tonight.
My shirts aren't cute, though.
If you gave me a cute one,
I'd throw it in your face.
Every shirt I own's just gonna
swallow you whole.
-You okay with that?
-Do I have a choice?
Look, Sissy! Check it out!
Mom bought me
this super awesome cat!
[HORI]
W-Wow.
And this kitty floats in water!
Isn't that cool?
[chuckles]
You're a devil ant!
"A devil ant?"
Hang on, did you mean
to say, "Deviant?"
Oh, Kyoko. Honey.
Have you developed a...
brother compound?
[HORI] "Compound?"
You mean "Complex?"
Of course not!
I was just wondering
if I could squeeze
into Sota's clothes!
They're probably too small.
Over New Year's, you ate mochi
like it was going outta style.
Wait. What?
Are you calling me fat,
'cause sure sounds like it!
No.
I said you ate a lot of food.
Same difference, idiot!
Well, someone's cranky.
If you want proof I can fit
in his clothes, fine by me!
Hey, grab me a shirt
from your closet, all right?
Me? No, I don't wanna.
[HORI] Never mind!
I'll get it myself!
Is it cool if I invite
your boyfriend to see?
Sure! Why the hell not?
It's an average evening,
yet so lively.
Miyamura? Are you busy?
We're holding HFW here.
You should come.
-HFW?
-[KYOSUKE] What?
[KYOSUKE] You've never heard of
Hori Fashion Week?
Well, I guess tonight's
is the first one ever.
Oh! It's a play on
Paris Fashion Week!
You see? It fits!
So there! Hah!
Isn't a hoodie, like, cheating?
They're all designed to be
big and baggy.
Ah.
In tighter clothes, y'know
your chest looks a bit bigger.
That's quite a shocking feat.
[HORI]
Shut up! You suck!
[KYOSUKE]
But...
[both]
It's normal for a high schooler
to not fit in an elementary
schooler's clothes.
[calling bell rings]
-Huh?
-Ah?
Will you get the door?
[HORI] Huh.
Let's see him argue with this!
Fits like a glove!
Hey. that's Sota's shirt.
Huh? Aah!
Miyamura!
What are you doing here?
[KYOSUKE]
You said I could invite him.
I did not!
Aah! I'm mortified!
Must be cold
with your bellybutton out.
Meaning his eyes are going
straight to your "pudge."
So what part of the cow do we
get pudge meat from, then?
[HORI]
Shut up!
Your family's always
so much fun, Hori.
Why am I not having
any fun, then?
'Cause I gained weight
from eating mochi, that's why.
[MIYAMURA] Girls really stress
about how much they weigh, huh?
So, why did you put on
a fashion show?
Hmph. That is the question.
I asked Kyosuke for a shirt,
and it went downhill.
'Cause she got possessed
by a creepy devil ant!
-Huh?
-Wait, I think
she was possessed by a deviant?
What? Just because she asked
to borrow a shirt?
Hey, Sissy?
If you're possessed,
then is our house haunted now?
[HORI]
Shut up!
You shut up!
I swear,
when you shout like that,
you're the loudest one here!
-If you want me to stop--
-Since you're here,
might as well join us
for dinner.
Oh! I appreciate you
-for letting me stay.
-Start taking responsibility
for your own actions
or you'll live to regret it.
You could even wind up in jail
-like some criminal. -Let's
dig in before it gets cold.
-Okay!
-[HORI] A criminal?!
[HORI]
If anyone in our family
is looking at doing time,
it's you!
Your life needs a do-over,
stat!
Even if I do it over,
I would still be your father!
Every time in every life!
Rest assured!
[HORI]
How can I rest?
[chuckles] Oh, man. Never
a dull moment at the Hori's.
[giggles]
[HORI]
Sota!
You made another mess!
I'm gonna clean it all up
the second I get done!
Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm telling the truth!
You always
leave your messes behind.
I wasn't gonna this time!
Just what are you kiddos
so angry about?
He leaves his messes
all over the place
-and doesn't clean them.
-Nuh-uh!
She started griping at me
before I even had a chance
to clean my stuff!
-She does love griping.
-Kyosuke.
So you're brushing me off
and taking his side, then?
I brewed us some tea.
You all thirsty?
[ALL]
Listen to this!
Um. Sure.
But why don't we have
a seat first?
Uh.
Lately, I noticed that Sota's
been cleaning up really well.
So he gets the benefit
of the doubt
if he says he was gonna
clean it up later.
You get really angry,
and it's so unfair!
Stop! It's not nice!
Oh-oh.
[KYOSUKE]
Poke, poke.
Hey. Your daddy's
on your side, okay?
[gasps]
Do you mean it?
You're trying to teach
your little bro some manners.
But you always jump the gun
and end up getting so mad.
It's beyond short-tempered,
so I have to wonder
if you're all right sometimes.
-[chuckles]
-[MIYAMURA] Bad move!
I said not to upset her,
but you went and did it without
a second thought anyway!
It was purely by accident,
though!
Hmm. Open up, Sissy!
C'mon, sweetheart!
Your daddy's on your side,
remember?
There's nothing to be
upset about!
[MIYAMURA]
Oh. She's out.
-Kyoko, I--
-Keep your hands to yourself.
-Sissy.
-Hands to yourself.
-Hori, pl--
Where'd this "Hands
to yourself" stuff come from?
Uhh. My guess?
It's her way of letting us know
she's mad.
[MIYAMURA]
Look! He's cleaning!
Sota's cleaning the mess
he made earlier!
-Huh?
-[KYOSUKE] Ho-hoo!
-All's well that ends well!
-Hands to yourself.
-Hori.
-Same to you.
I don't understand
what's wrong!
Seems bleak.
We'll have to work our way to
her good side little by little.
Hey, want some pudding?
-I gave it up.
-You look tense.
-Want a shoulder rub?
-Hands to yourself.
[KYOSUKE] But, Kyoko--
[HORI] Hands to yourself.
[KYOSUKE] Aw.
[door opens]
Guess what?
Now we're in outer space!
What are you talking about?
We're inside.
-[gasps]
-Do you have to be so blunt?
This is outer space,
and we're in a spaceship,
and if you go outside,
you'll die
a horrible death
by suffocating!
Then the aliens will come
and eat all of your organs!
-Don't die!
-Speak for yourself!
I wanna go to outer space!
[HORI] Pull your notes
and textbooks
back out this second!
[SOTA]
If you leave this blue rug,
you'll die
'cause there's no air.
Huh. Where did you even
find this rug?
A previous space odyssey?
It's a spaceship,
and it's gonna help us
build a moon villa!
[MIYAMURA]
Sounds good!
Hmm.
-Uh.
-Huh?
[screaming]
My big sister murdered me!
[laughing]
Address me as "Captain" now!
[MIYAMURA]
Captain Cold-blood, maybe.
Hang on tight,
'cause we're circling Mars!
[gasps]
Aw! This Martian just agreed
to be my best friend! Yay!
You're best friends?
Why am I dead?
[MIYAMURA]
She hijacked the ship
and instantly
started replacing the crew.
Just who is this woman?
-Oh-oh.
-Sissy!
-No. Lemme see it!
-Ooh.
Gonna have to try
harder than that!
Hey, so, Hori.
How 'bout
we let Sota come back?
If we do,
he'll grow into a weak man.
He'll think if he simply asks,
he'll get his way.
He was the one who decided
we'd die if we left the rug.
I didn't do that.
The only thing I did was
push him.
Hmm.
-Hmm.
-What's that?
You got yourself a new ship?
Yeah.
I successfully boarded
one of the escape pod thingies.
Fueled by the sorrow
of your remorseless betrayal,
I will set out on
my quest for revenge.
[HORI] Do you even know
what that means?
-Hmm.
-You can do it, Sota!
That's right!
To think we had a spy
in our midst the entire time!
It's an OG crew member
that I'm cheering for!
Well, I suppose,
I'll have to turn into
one of those captains,
who can only put faith
in herself.
Man. This is a lot.
[Hori laughing]
Hi-yah!
All right! I beat her!
Vengeance!
How cool was that, bro--
[screaming]
[whimpering]
[MIYAMURA]
Sota, run for it!
The captain is immortal!
Practicing kanji?
Mm-hmm.
Lucky. I wish that was
my homework assignment.
You're a third-year
in high school.
Okay, next are compound words.
"Make one using
the character for woods."
Woodland.
Come on, Hori.
At least let him
think about it first, yeah?
Oh!
[KYOSUKE]
I'm home!
Yeah, that's my smart boy!
If you need some help
with your homework, just ask!
You smell like cigarettes, Dad!
That came outta nowhere!
-You stink, Kyosuke.
-'Cause of my smokes!
You make it sound like
I don't take showers!
-Stinky.
-Ah?
[MIYAMURA]
A one-two punch.
The "So" in your name
is hard to write, huh?
But still, it's impressive
that you're even learning kanji
at your age.
Uh. We all do?
Well, let's just say the kanji
for my first name was hard,
too.
[both chuckling]
Huh?
[footsteps]
Hmm?
Aw, it's so nice when you help
mommy out with the chores!
Will you do it again?
Sure!
♪
Hey, Sota?
Let's finish up your homework.
Oh?
What are you doing?
-Hmm? Um!
-Didn't I tell you
I was going to wash those?
Yeah. But, I, uh...
-[HORI] No buts!
-[gasps]
[HORI] He could've
cut himself on the knives.
-[Sota sobs]
-Ah.
[crying]
You're a big, dumb Sissy!
-Huh?
-[crying]
[HORI] It's dangerous for you
to touch this stuff
without supervision!
[SOTA] You always get mad
right away!
It's not fair!
[crying]
Hey, what's wrong?
His attitude!
He was washing dishes,
by himself.
-Mm-hmm?
-There are knives and stuff!
True.
Well, her wrath may come
from a place of affection,
but you should still
proceed with caution.
Don't you think
there was a better way
to say that, though?
Huh?
Dishes are a chore, and he was
just trying to give you a hand.
He's a first-grader now.
Plus, you've washed 'em before.
-Right, Sota?
-Uh-huh.
But you understand what
your sister is saying, too,
don't you?
Hmm.
You see? He gets it--
Huh?
Now you're crying?
[sobbing]
I was...
-just worried about him.
-Oh.
Right! It's not like what you
said and did was wrong!
It's okay!
-You aren't mad at me?
-[MIYAMURA] I-- wha?
Why would I be mad at you
over something like this?
I promise I'm not,
cross my heart!
I was trying to moderate!
'Cause, both of you were right
in your own way!
[MIYAMURA]
I-I don't know what to do!
What is this? What's happening?
[all crying]
Ah. You havin' fun?
Please help me.
Well...
Looks like a nuisance,
I'mma pass.
[MIYAMURA]
Sorry I made you cry.
Sota's still just a kid,
and I never had siblings.
I'm a novice when it comes
to disciplining.
You were only trying to do
what's best for him, I'm sure.
'Cause you love him so much.
[MIYAMURA]
Guess I was a little too harsh.
-I...
-Huh?
I really hate
when you don't take my side.
Jerk.
Ah. I've been on your side
from the start!
Oh? Huh? Ah.
Well, good.
But, if I do ever think
you're in the wrong,
you can bet
I'll be angry with you.
[smiles]
[MIYAMURA]
She smiled?
[HORI]
So, this anger you speak of.
Will you yell, "Don't you dare
do that!" and smack me?
No! No smacks, Hori!
I wrote an essay
at school today!
My teacher says it's great!
You hear that?
Sota's teacher really liked
the essay he wrote.
Oh, my!
Aww. So family was the topic,
huh?
Excellent choice! Can I see?
Sure!
It's called, "My Big Bro!"
Sorry. Truly, guys.
Hmm?